Fix Contributor's Guide layout (#1581)
bevyengine/bevy-website: content/contributing/_index.md

title = "Contributing"
template = "docs.html"
page_template = "docs.html"
# TODO: Create introduction page.
# redirect_to = "/contributing/introduction"
[extra]

> # TODO: Remove this to publish the Contributing book.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# TODO: Remove both of these lines below to publish the Contributing book.
```
Clarify the wording so no one thinks they only need to remove `status = 'hidden` and understand you need to remove both lines.
